## Why Our Designs Go Wrong?

- Software systems tend to chaos.
- Big Ball of Mud.
- It takes energy and direction to prevent the collapse.
## Encapsulation and Abstractions

- **Encapsulation** covers two ideas: 
	- Simplifying behaviour -> This is what we use in this book
	- Hiding data
- We encapsulate behaviour by identifying a task that needs to be done in our code, and giving that task a well-defined function or object. We call that object an abstraction.
- Encapsulating behaviour by using abstractions is a powerful tool for making code more expressive, testable, and easier to maintain. 
- In python we don't need to rely on ABC base class to create an abstraction, we can just use duck-typing. 

## Layering

- Layered architectures are a tool to prevent the Big Ball of Mud.
- Divide code into discrete categories or roles, and introduce rules about which categories of code can call each other. 
- Example: 
	- Presentation Layer -> Business Logic -> Database Layer

## Dependency Inversion Principle

- Formal definition: 
	- High-level modules should not depend on low-level modules. Both should depend on abstractions.
	- Abstraction should not depend on details. Instead, details should depend on abstractions. 
- Low vs. High level code: 
	- **High-level**: Code that you organization really cares about. Function, classes and packages that deal with real world concepts.  
	- **Low-level**: Low-level protocols, HTTP, AMQP, cron job, db migrations, etc. 
- Depends on does not mean import or calls necessarily, it can also be knows about or needs another module.
- We don't want business logic to be slowed by a db migration. Abstractions between them (extra layer of indirection) allows change to be more independent. 

## A place for All our Business Logic: The Domain Model
- Designs go wrong because business logic becomes spread throughout all the layers of our application, making hard to identify, understand and change. 
- Domain Model pattern shows how to build a business layer. 