- Model our business processes with code. 
- Key patterns for modeling domains: 
	- Entity
	- Value Object
	- Domain Service
	
## What is a Domain Model
- Domain model refers to the business logic layer.
- The problem we're trying to solve. 
- Conversations with stakeholders, business experts. Define a glossary. 

## Unit Testing Domain Models
- Unit tests must illustrate business logic. 
- They must test behaviour. 
- Naming should reflect language used by experts. For example `batch.can_allocate(OrderLine)`

## Dataclasses Are Great for Value Objects
- Business concept that has data but no identity -> Represent it as a **value object**.
- A value object is any domain object that is uniquely identified by the data it holds. We usually make them immutable. 
- They can still have complex behaviour. For example mathematical operations. 

## Value Objects and Entities

- Value object: If we change one of its attributes, we have a new (different) value object. 
- Value object:It is identified only by its data, and doesn't have a long-lived identity. 
- Entity: Describe a domain object that has long-lived identity. 
- Entity: We can change its value, but still the same identity. 
- We can make entities explicit in our code by implementing equality operators on entities: 

```python
class Batch:
    ...

    def __eq__(self, other):
        if not isinstance(other, Batch):
            return False
        return other.reference == self.reference

    def __hash__(self):
        return hash(self.reference)

```

## Not Everything Has to Be an Object: A Domain Service Function

- Domain Service operations (python functions) don't have a natural home in an entity or value object. 
- They're part of our domain, but they carry some logic function outside any entity. 

## Python Magic Methods let us use our Models with idiomatic Python

- For example implementing a `__gt__(self, other)` method, allows to use sorted.

## Exceptions Can Express Domain Concepts Too

- We can have **domain exceptions** to express domain concepts. 

## Recap 

- Domain modeling is the closest to business logic, and the most likely to change. 
- Value objects are defined by its attributes, entities may change their attributes but still be the same. 
- Not everything has to be an object. 
- Apply best OO design principles.
