## Important questions

- What makes a good abstraction?
- What do we want from abstractions?
- How do abstractions relate to testing?

## Introduction

- We can use abstractions to hide messy details. 
- When we're unable to change a component A for fear of breaking component B, the components are **coupled**. 
- Locally, coupling is good. It means that components are working together. It is known as **cohesion**. 
- Globally, coupling is bad, it prevents to change or extend our system. 
- We can reduce the degree of coupling within a system by abstracting details away. 

## Choosing the right abstractions

- Identify the responsibilities that the code has. Abstractions should simplify these responsibilities. Abstract the state -> for example, represent the filesystem with a dict. 
- Separate what we want to do, from how to do it. 

## Implementing Our Chosen Abstractions

- Create a **core** of code that has no dependencies on external state and then see how it responds when we git it input from the outside world: Functional Core, Imperative Shell. 
	1. Gather inputs
	2. Call functional core
	3. Imperative shell, apply outputs

Use dependency Injection instead of mocks. Mocks make checks on the behaviour of intermediary collaborators (for example, checking the arguments used to call a method). Fakes help to build tests around state. 
Tests with mocks are more coupled to the implementation, so they can break just by moving some method despite having the same logic. 

## Wrap Up

- Can I choose a familiar Python data structure to represent the state of the messy system and then try to imagine a single function that can return that state?
- Separate the what from the how: Can I use a data structure or DSL to represent the external effects I want to happen, independently of how I plan to make them happen?
- Where can I draw a line between my systems, where can I carve out a [seam](https://oreil.ly/zNUGG) to stick that abstraction in?
- What is a sensible way of dividing things into components with different responsibilities? What implicit concepts can I make explicit?
- What are the dependencies, and what is the core business logic?
 